Accordion: add a Getting Started tutorial (#3672)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Accordion/00 Getting Started with Accordion/10 Bind Accordion to Data.md

> You can display Accordion data from [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#dataSource) or [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/items/) array. Note that each data source object must contain the **title** field, whose value goes to the title of the panel. If you want to customize the title of the panel, see [Customize Item Appearance](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Accordion/Getting_Started_with_Accordion/#Customize_Item_Appearance) section of this tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can display Accordion data from [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#dataSource) or [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/items/) array. Note that each data source object must contain the **title** field whose value goes to the panel's title. If you want to customize the title, refer to the following section of this tutorial: [Customize Item Appearance](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Accordion/Getting_Started_with_Accordion/#Customize_Item_Appearance).
```

> You can display Accordion data from [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#dataSource) or [items](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/items/) array. Note that each data source object must contain the **title** field whose value goes to the panel's title. If you want to customize the title, refer to the following section of this tutorial: [Customize Item Appearance](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Accordion/Getting_Started_with_Accordion/#Customize_Item_Appearance).

Reviewer 2: whose values GOES to the panel's title? Goes?

Author: I changed "goes to the panel's title" to "specifies the panel's title".

Reviewer 2: that works, thank you
